>> Mars and Jupiter in
conjunction in Aries,
how you can take advantage of
the energy produced by this
meeting of planets.
>> Mars and Jupiter uniting
an Aries is a boost of fire.
>> This is Gaia News.
On May 29, Mars and Jupiter
will be in conjunction
where they will appear
to be close to each other
when observed from Earth.
And they will both be in
Aries, something we have not
seen since April of 2011.
What will the conjunction of
these strong planets in Aries
mean to us?
Astrologer, Mercedes
Arnus Arraut.
>> To understand this
conjunction in a personal
level, we need to understand
that Mars is our drive
and Jupiter expands
everything that it touches.
And these two
planets are aligning
in the constellation of Aries.
What is Aries?
Aries is the energy of birth.
It's the energy of beginnings.
It's the fire, where
the fire starts.
It's the energy that gets us
going, that gets us moving.
By Mars being in
Aries is the warrior
entering in the battle field.
So we can be
feeling very feisty.
We can be feeling
a lot of energy,
especially because
Jupiter is going
to highlight all that warrior,
all that warrior energy.
So when Jupiter touches Mars,
all our fire is highlighted.
We feel a very strong drive.
We feel like our
energy is on fire.
And it's very beautiful because
2022 has been a year, so far,
that has been very sensitive.
We felt very emotional,
especially since the Jupiter,
Neptune conjunction.
And now, by Mars aligning
with Jupiter in Aries,
is the energy of
brand new beginnings.
It's the push that we needed to
leave behind all those waters,
all those Piscean waters.
And now, we're heading
towards building a new life,
creating a new life because we
have all that fire within us
and all the cosmic
energy guiding us
towards starting something new.
>> This conjunction in
Aries starts on May 29.
But we may start to feel
it sooner than that.
And how can we use the energy?
>> So we're going to start
feeling this energy one week
before.
And it's important that to
prepare for this energy,
we calm ourselves down.
We try to have a little
compassion with others,
but we use it to
go after what we've
wanted for such a long time but
we were a little shy to do it
or we lacked the confidence
or we lacked the strength.
So use it wisely to go
after your wildest dreams.
Use it wisely to do everything
that excites you in your life
and that you didn't feel
confident enough to go after.
>> What can those of us who
are apprehensive about taking
the next step or for stepping
into the unknown do at this
time?
>> I really suggest you take
advantage of this transit
to start a new life,
create a new project,
give birth to something new.
Do all these things that
you were afraid to do before
or those things
that you were like,
I'm waiting for the right
time to do this, because this
is the time to launch.
This is the time to use all
this fire, all this force, all
this strength to give an impulse
to whatever area in your life
that you want.
>> Although the conjunction
begins on May 29 and you may
feel it about a week before,
Mercedes says the energy will
last for about a month
after the conjunction.
So get your ducks
in a row and get
ready to take that cosmic leap
into your next phase of life.
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.